I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Night Animals
Peppa and George are having a sleepover
at Granny and Grandpa Pig's house.
Grandpa, where are you going?
It's bedtime.
Don't worry, Peppa.
I'm just going into the garden
to collect slugs and snails.
Why?
Grandpa doesn't like slugs and snails,
because they eat his vegetables.
And the best time to find them
is at night with this torch.
Can George and me come too? Please!
OK. Just this once.
Put your coats and boots on.
Peppa and George are wearing their coats
and boots over their pajamas.
You carry the bucket, Peppa.
And I'll hold the torch.
Don't stay out too late, Grandpa Pig.
OK, Granny Pig.
We'll put all the slugs
and snails in the bucket.
Ah! One little snail.
Two little snails.
And a slug. Err. Slugs are yaky.
Grandpa, there's a little animal in your bucket.
Here are Grandpa Pig's chickens:
Sara, Gemima, Phoneser and Navel.
Hello, chickens!
I need to put the chickens to bed.
Night-night, chickens.
Night-night.
Why aren't the slugs and snails in bed,
Grandpa?
Because they are up all night,
eating my vegetables.
Some animals eat in the daytime,
like my chickens.
And some animals eat at night, like.
Oh! Mr. Fox.
Hello, Grandpa Pig.
Putting your chickens to bed, aren't you?
Oh, yes. Nice and cozy in the hen house.
Jolly good. Well, I'll be on my way.
Good night!
Now, as I would say,
some animals eat at night, like…
Oh! Hello?
Grandpa, there's a little animal in your bucket.
Ha! Ha! Yes, it's a hedgehog.
They like to eat slugs and snails.
Hello, hedgehog!
Oh, he's rolled into a ball.
Yes, Peppa. He's very shy.
Come out, Mr. Hedgehog. Don't be scared.
I like hedgehogs.
They are very good at keeping slugs
and snails off my lovely lettuce.
Bye-bye, hedgehog. Bye-bye.
Are there any more night animals, Grandpa?
Yes, there are moths.
Woo! They look like butterflies.
Butterflies that come out at night.
They like the torch light.
When it goes off, they leave.
When the light goes on, they come back.
Can I try?
OK!
Bye-bye, moths.
Hello, moths.
And if we leave the torch off,
we can see another very tiny night animal.
Where?
Look up at the sky.
Is it a shooting star?
No, that is a firefly.
Is it on fire?
No, Peppa. It has a tummy that glows.
Wow!
Are there any big night animals
in your garden, Grandpa?
No! Oh, what's that?
It's a big night animal.
Ho! Ho! It's Granny Pig.
There you are!
Granny, Granny, we've been saying hello
to all the night animals.
Lovely. But now it's time to say
good night to them.
Good night, night animals.
And it's well pass bedtime
for you little piggies.
Yes, Granny Pig.
Good night, little ones.
Good night, Granny.
Good night, Grandpa. Night, night.